README.md, before:

# Web357 Test

## Installation

- Download `web357-candidate-test.zip`
- Go to your Joomla! Backend in `System -> Extensions -> Upload Package File`
- Upload `web357-candidate-test.zip`
- Enjoy the component in `Components -> Web357 Test -> Recipes`

## Changelog

Read [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md)

## New Features

### 🚨 New parameter `Serving size` for Recipe in the administrator form

![Serving size parameter for Recipe](./assets/images/01-serving-parameter-field.png)

### 🚨 New parameter `Serving size` for Recipe in frontend form

![Serving size parameter for Recipe](./assets/images/02-serving-parameter-field-frontend.png)

### 🚨 Display serving size and difficulty levels as stars in the frontend recipe list and single page view

![Difficulty stars and serving size in recipes list page](./assets/images/03-site-recipe-list.png)
![Difficulty stars and serving size in single recipe page](./assets/images/04-site-recipe-single.png)

## Testing

### Installation

To install the necessary dependencies, run:

```bash
npm install
```

### Setting Up the Test Environment

#### Option 1: Docker Test Environment (Recommended)

You can start the Docker test environment by running

```bash
npm run docker:up
```

#### Option 2: Manual Configuration

If you prefer to configure your environment manually, copy the `tests/cypress/cypress.env.json` file to the root folder
and update it with your configuration:

```json
{
  "baseUrl": "http://joomla-installation.local",
  "adminUsername": "joomla",
  "adminPassword": "joomla@password"
}
```

### Running Tests

#### Run Tests via Cypress CLI

To execute the tests using the Cypress CLI, use:

```bash
npm run cypress:cli
```

#### Open Cypress in Interactive Mode

To open Cypress in interactive mode, run:

```bash
npm run cypress:open
```

### Create ZIP Installation

Create package for Joomla!

```bash
npm run build
```

Commit message:

Add difficulty filter to backend recipes list
- Added a filter dropdown in the backend recipes list to filter by difficulty (easy, medium, hard) (administrator/forms/filter_recipes.xml)
- Implemented filter persistence and reset functionality (administrator/src/Model/RecipesModel.php)
- Updated language files to include filter labels (administrator/languages/el-GR/com_web357test.ini, administrator/languages/en-GB/com_web357test.ini)
- Cypress tests refactor available values to fixture (tests/cypress/fixtures/enums.json, tests/cypress/e2e/component/frontend/01-test_recipe_form.cy.js, tests/cypress/e2e/component/frontend/02-test_difficulty_level_html.cy)
- Added Cypress tests to verify filtering functionality (tests/cypress/e2e/component/administrator/02-test_difficulty_filter_list.cy.js)
- Updated README.md and CHANGELOG.md with the latest changes

README.md, after:

# Web357 Test

## Installation

- Download `web357-candidate-test.zip`
- Go to your Joomla! Backend in `System -> Extensions -> Upload Package File`
- Upload `web357-candidate-test.zip`
- Enjoy the component in `Components -> Web357 Test -> Recipes`

## Changelog

Read [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md)

## New Features

### 🚨 New parameter `Serving size` for Recipe in the administrator form

![Serving size parameter for Recipe](./assets/images/01-serving-parameter-field.png)

### 🚨 New parameter `Serving size` for Recipe in frontend form

![Serving size parameter for Recipe](./assets/images/02-serving-parameter-field-frontend.png)

### 🚨 Display serving size and difficulty levels as stars in the frontend recipe list and single page view

![Difficulty stars and serving size in recipes list page](./assets/images/03-site-recipe-list.png)
![Difficulty stars and serving size in single recipe page](./assets/images/04-site-recipe-single.png)


### 🚨 New filter "Difficulty" in the administrator Recipe list

![Difficulty filter in the administrator recipe list](./assets/images/05-difficulty-filter-admin.png)

## Testing

### Installation

To install the necessary dependencies, run:

```bash
npm install
```

### Setting Up the Test Environment

#### Option 1: Docker Test Environment (Recommended)

You can start the Docker test environment by running

```bash
npm run docker:up
```

#### Option 2: Manual Configuration

If you prefer to configure your environment manually, copy the `tests/cypress/cypress.env.json` file to the root folder
and update it with your configuration:

```json
{
  "baseUrl": "http://joomla-installation.local",
  "adminUsername": "joomla",
  "adminPassword": "joomla@password"
}
```

### Running Tests

#### Run Tests via Cypress CLI

To execute the tests using the Cypress CLI, use:

```bash
npm run cypress:cli
```

#### Open Cypress in Interactive Mode

To open Cypress in interactive mode, run:

```bash
npm run cypress:open
```

### Create ZIP Installation

Create package for Joomla!

```bash
npm run build
```
